Copilot instructions: add deprecated terms (#44027)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: .github/copilot-instructions.md

- Do not use "e.g.", "i.e.", "etc.", or "etcetera". Use "like", "for example",
  or "such as" instead.
- Avoid the verb "click". It is specific to using a mouse. Instead, use verbs that work with multiple devices, such as "select". Use "click" when you need to describe mouse actions specifically, for example, when describing right-clicking or double-clicking with a mouse.

> - [Don't use "master/slave"](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/m/master-slave). Instead, use alternatives such as "client"/"server", "leader/follower", "main/replica", or "controller/device".

Author: ```suggestion
- [Do not use "master/slave"](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/m/master-slave). Instead, use alternatives such as "client"/"server", "leader/follower", "main/replica", or "controller/device".
```

> - [Do not use "master/slave"](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/m/master-slave). Instead, use alternatives such as "client"/"server", "leader/follower", "main/replica", or "controller/device".

Author: ```suggestion
- [Do not use "master/slave"](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/m/master-slave). Instead, use alternatives such as "client/server", "leader/follower", "main/replica", or "controller/device".
```
